Add kraken2 phylogenetic assignment subworkflow (#210)
nf-core/seqinspector: docs/output.md

- [Seqtk](#seqtk) - Subsample a specific number of reads per sample

> - [FastQC](#fastqc) - Raw read QC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [FastQC](#fastqc) - Raw read QC
- [FASTQE](#fastqe) - Raw read QC
```

- [Seqtk](#seqtk) - Subsample a specific number of reads per sample
- [FastQC](#fastqc) - Raw read QC
- [Kraken2](#kraken2) - Phylogenetic assignment of reads using k-mers
- [Krona](#krona) - Interactive visualization of Kraken2 results
- [SeqFu Stats](#seqfu_stats) - Statistics for FASTA or FASTQ files

> - [FastQ Screen](#fastqscreen) - Mapping against a set of references for basic contamination QC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SeqFu Stats](#seqfu-stats) - Statistics for FASTA or FASTQ files
- [FastQ Screen](#fastq-screen) - Mapping against a set of references for basic contamination QC
```
